---
layout: post
permalink: /about/
---

When I was eight years old, I used the 486 computer for the first time, and I fell in love with the computer. All my time was devoted to this newly found love, to the point that I could even assemble and repair a computer. By the time I was twelve, I started developing my own computer program. My desire to write my own program let me to enroll at Korea Digital Media High School – specialized high school that focuses on computer programming and digital media. There, I majored in web programing and had opportunities to learn several programming languages including C, C#, JAVA, and graphic-related tools such as Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator. <br>

My programming background helped me to learn other programming languages like Stata and Latex quickly because I understood the basic grammar and algorithm. Moreover, the experience of learning new languages encourages me to try to learn challenging concepts. For a while, I joined in a start-up club called OKLAB where I tried to develop an iPod application, and I won some small awards at a programming and start-up competition. <br>

However, given my background, as a pastor’s kid, I changed my career path to work directly for the marginalized who have not been the beneficiaries. I had a chance to visit the Philippines by participating in a short-term missionary program, there; I could see the life in a much sadder state that I knew. Naturally, I wanted to do something about that - eliminating global poverty. I resolved that if I studied economics, I might just have the capacity to do something about it. <br>

I had some opportunities to visit several low-income countries including Tanzania, Colombia and Malaysia. Though these experiences were very meaningful to me, there were still too many things I did not know. Hoping that I could get a new perspective, I took many courses in philosophy, history, art and so on. In course of my exploration, I realized that development economics could very well provide the answers that I was look for. Consequently, I decided to go to graduate school to focus on development. <br>

My life at the KDI School has been a satisfactory one. I have been able to study without any disturbance. Courses such as econometrics and impact evaluation have been fascinating to me thus far. There are yet still many things to learn, and I continue to be unsure how my capacity will be beneficial to other countries. <br>

I worked as a research assistant at Korea Labor Institute. While there, I could see the importance of designing policies appropriately since many people are impacted by government policies. I contributed to the research about wage system in public sector and labor environment of the Information Technology (IT) service sector. Especially for IT service sector, I had a chance to meet many computer programmers and often recalled my teenage years when I dreamt of becoming a programmer. I hope that my love for computer science and programming be helpful for my future research in conjunction with artificial intelligence. Meanwhile, I had an opportunity to work as a volunteer in Malawi. <br>

In Malawi, I worked in the agricultural sector and cultivated corn at a demonstration plot. I tried to observe what is happening there. What I have observed is that people tend to behave based on their incentives, and it is very difficult to obtain reliable data especially in rural area. Nevertheless, we need to keep trying to get credible data as much as possible. With data-based policies, we can understand what kind of policy interventions are the most effective to provide our limited resources to people in need. Thus, I decided to pursue PhD degree to learn how to do it appropriately. <br>

I am currently working at Korea Development Institute. I have contributed to the publication of KDI Monthly Economic Trends and Quarterly Economic Outlook by analyzing the economic trends of the United States and Japan, which are two of the largest economies in the world. Although they are certainly not so called “developing countries”, studying them is really interesting because they have very complicated economic systems. I could develop my skills to analyze various factors affecting certain economies. <br>

My life has been full of surprises. Whatever challenges lie ahead, I will live my life to the fullest with full of gratitude. <br>
